fix: auth describe should not label DATABRICKS_CONFIG_PROFILE as from bundle (#5904)
databricks/cli: .nextchanges/cli/auth-describe-config-profile-env.md

> Fixed `databricks auth describe` misattributing a profile selected via `DATABRICKS_CONFIG_PROFILE` as `(from bundle)` when run inside a bundle root ([#2303](https://github.com/databricks/cli/issues/2303)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed `databricks auth describe` misattributing a profile selected via `DATABRICKS_CONFIG_PROFILE` as `(from bundle)` when run inside a bundle root ([#5904](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/5904)).
```
